# Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP

<table>
<colgroup><col/><col/><col/></colgroup>
<tr><th>Name</th><th>Id</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227673</td><td>HTTP Server could not initialize its security.  The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227675</td><td>HTTP Server could not initialize the socket library.  The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227676</td><td>HTTP Server was unable to initialize due to a shortage of available memory.  The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227678</td><td>HTTP Server could not create the main connection socket.  The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227680</td><td>HTTP Server could not create a client connection object for user at host %1.  The connection to this user is terminated.  The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227686</td><td>The HTTP Filter DLL %1 failed to load.  The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227688</td><td>The script started from the URL &#39;%1&#39; has not responded within the configured timeout period.  The HTTP server is terminating the script.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227690</td><td>The HTTP server encountered an error processing the server side include file &#39;%1&#39;.&lt;BR&gt;The error was &#39;%2&#39;.&lt;BR&gt;</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227691</td><td>The HTTP server encountered an unhandled exception while processing the ISAPI Application &#39;%1&#39;.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227692</td><td>The HTTP server was unable to load the ISAPI Application &#39;%1&#39;. The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227693</td><td>A server side include file has included itself or the maximum depth of server side includes has been exceeded.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>1073744047</td><td>For compatibility with previous versions of IIS, the filter &#39;%1&#39; was loaded as a global filter from the registry. To control the filter with the Internet Service Manager, remove the filter from the registry and add it as a global filter with Internet Service Manager.  Filters in the registry are stored at &quot;HKLM\System\CurrentControlSet\Services\W3Svc\Parameters\Filter DLLs&quot;.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485874</td><td>The server was unable to read the file %1 due to a lack of access permissions.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227699</td><td>The server was unable to acquire a license for a SSL connection.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485876</td><td>The server stop serving requests for application &#39;%1&#39; because the number of Out of Process component crashes exceed a limit.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485877</td><td>The server failed to shut down application &#39;%1&#39;.  The error was &#39;%2&#39;.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485878</td><td>The server was unable to read the file %1. The file does not exist.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485879</td><td>The server was unable to read the file %1. The Windows 32 error returned from the attempt is %2.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485880</td><td>The server was unable to read the file %1. The file exceeds the maximum allowable size of %2.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485881</td><td>The server was unable to allocate a buffer to read the file %1.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485884</td><td>The server failed to load application &#39;%1&#39;.  The error was &#39;%2&#39;.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485885</td><td>Out of process application &#39;%1&#39; terminated unexpectedly.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227710</td><td>Job object query failed. The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227711</td><td>Job object set limit failed. The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227712</td><td>Schedule a work item for CPU Accounting or Limits failed. The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485889</td><td>Site &#39;%1&#39; hit its CPU Limit. No action was taken.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485890</td><td>Site &#39;%1&#39; hit its CPU Limit. The priority of all process on that site has been lowered to idle class.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485891</td><td>Site &#39;%1&#39; hit its CPU Limit. All processes on that site have been terminated.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485892</td><td>Site &#39;%1&#39; hit its CPU Limit. The site has been paused.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485893</td><td>The server certificate for instance &#39;%1&#39; has expired or is not yet valid.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485894</td><td>The server certificate for instance &#39;%1&#39; has been revoked.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485895</td><td>The server certificate chain does not include a trusted root certificate.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485896</td><td>A certificate in the server certificate chain has an invalid signature.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485897</td><td>CPU Limits/Accounting failed to queue work item. The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485898</td><td>The World Wide Web Publishing Service (WWW Service) could not retrieve the server certificate for instance &#39;%1&#39; because the associated IIS configuration store data is invalid. The error is &#39;%2&#39;.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485899</td><td>The World Wide Web Publishing Service (WWW Service) did not retrieve the server certificate for instance &#39;%1&#39; because of a CryptoAPI error. The error is &#39;%2&#39;.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485900</td><td>The World Wide Web Publishing Service (WWW Service) did not retrieve the server certificate for instance &#39;%1&#39; because the certificate could not be found in a certificate store. The error is &#39;%2&#39;.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485901</td><td>The World Wide Web Publishing Service (WWW Service) did not retrieve the server certificate for instance &#39;%1&#39; because of an internal error. The error is &#39;%2&#39;.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485902</td><td>The server Certificate Trust List for instance &#39;%1&#39; had invalid IIS configuration store data associated with it and could not be retrieved; the error encountered was &#39;%2&#39;.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485903</td><td>The World Wide Web Publishing Service (WWW Service) failed to retrieve the server Certificate Trust List for instance &#39;%1&#39; because of a CryptoAPI error. The error is &#39;%2&#39;.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485904</td><td>The World Wide Web Publishing Service (WWW Service) did not retrieve the server Certificate Trust List for instance &#39;%1&#39; because it could not be found in the certificate store. The error is &#39;%2&#39;.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485905</td><td>The World Wide Web Publishing Service (WWW Service) did not retrieve the server certificate for instance &#39;%1&#39; because of an internal error. The error is %2.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485906</td><td>The server failed to close client connections to the following URLs during shutdown:  &#39;%1&#39;.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227731</td><td>The COM Application &#39;%1&#39; at &#39;%2&#39; failed to activate out of process.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227733</td><td>An attempt was made to load filter &#39;%1&#39; but it requires the SF_NOTIFY_READ_RAW_DATA filter notification and this notification is not supported in this IIS version.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485910</td><td>ISAPI &#39;%1&#39; reported itself as unhealthy for the following reason: &#39;%2&#39;.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485911</td><td>ISAPI &#39;%1&#39; reported itself as unhealthy.  No reason was given by the ISAPI.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485912</td><td>The directory specified for caching compressed content %1 is invalid.  Static compression is being disabled.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485913</td><td>The registry key for IIS subauthenticator is not configured correctly on local machine, the anonymous password sync feature is disabled.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485914</td><td>The account that the current worker process is running under does not have SeTcbPrivilege privilege, the anonymous password sync feature and the Digest authentication feature are disabled.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227740</td><td>Could not load all ISAPI filters for site &#39;%1&#39;.  Therefore site startup aborted.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227741</td><td>The worker process for app pool &#39;%1&#39;, PID=&#39;%2&#39;, failed to initialize the http.sys communication when asked to start processing http requests and therefore will be considered ill by W3SVC and terminated.  The data field contains the error number.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227742</td><td>IIS Client certificate mapping configuration for site %1 failed to be loaded. The data field contains the error number.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227743</td><td>Could not initialize the logging module for site %1.  The site will therefore be non-functional.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485920</td><td>The registry key for IIS subauthenticator is not configured correctly on domain controller, the Digest feature is disabled.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485921</td><td>Worker process could not access IIS configuration store due to disconnection error.  Marking process as unhealthy.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227746</td><td>ISAPI Filter &#39;%1&#39; could not be loaded due to a configuration problem. The current configuration only supports loading images built for a %2 processor architecture. The data field contains the error number. To learn more about this issue, including how to troubleshooting this kind of processor architecture mismatch error, see http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=29349.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485923</td><td>ETW Tracing support failed to intialize. Execution of IIS will continue although ETW Tracing support (or parts of it) will not be available. The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227748</td><td>The worker process failed to initialize correctly and therefore could not be started.  The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227752</td><td>The Module DLL %1 failed to load.  The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227753</td><td>The worker process failed to initialize communication with the W3SVC and therefore could not be started.  The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227754</td><td>The Module DLL &#39;%1&#39; could not be loaded due to a configuration problem. The current configuration only supports loading images built for a %2 processor architecture. The data field contains the error number. To learn more about this issue, including how to troubleshooting this kind of processor architecture mismatch error, see http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=29349.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485931</td><td>FailedRequestTracing module failed to create directory &#39;%3&#39;. No logs will be generated until this condition is corrected. The problem happened at least %1 times in the last %2 minutes. The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485932</td><td>FailedRequestTracing module failed to write buffered events to log file for the request that matched failure definition. No logs will be generated until this condition is corrected. The problem happened at least %1 times in the last %2 minutes. The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485933</td><td>FailedRequestTracing module detected invalid configuration on path &#39;%4&#39;. Trace provider or tracing area name &#39;%3&#39; is not recognized. Check the &lt;traceProviderDefinitions&gt; section for currently supported list or providers and areas. No logs will be generated until this condition is corrected. The problem happened at least %1 times in the last %2 minutes. The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485934</td><td>FailedRequestTracing module detected invalid configuration on path &#39;%4&#39;. Attribute &quot;statusCode&quot; contains invalid value &#39;%3&#39;. Examples of valid status are &#39;404&#39; or &#39;403.1&#39;. No logs will be generated until this condition is corrected. The problem happened at least %1 times in the last %2 minutes. The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485935</td><td>FailedRequestTracing module encountered problem while reading configuration. Configuration system returned exception &#39;%3&#39; in file %4 on line %5. No logs will be generated until this condition is corrected. The problem happened at least %1 times in the last %2 minutes. The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485936</td><td>FailedRequestTracing module encountered problem while reading configuration. No logs will be generated until this condition is corrected. The problem happened at least %1 times in the last %2 minutes. The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485937</td><td>FailedRequestTracing Module failed to delete at least one log file from the directory &#39;%3&#39;. The problem happened at least %1 times in the last %2 minutes. The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485938</td><td>FailedRequestTracing module encountered runtime error. The problem happened at least %1 times in the last %2 minutes. The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485939</td><td>FailedRequestTracing module detected invalid configuration on path &#39;%4&#39;. Attribute &quot;guid&quot; in &lt;traceProviderDefinitions&gt; section contains invalid value &#39;%3&#39;. No logs will be generated until this condition is corrected. The problem happened at least %1 times in the last %2 minutes. The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485940</td><td>FailedRequestTracing module failed to create XSL file &#39;%3. Friendly rendering of log files will not be available. The problem happened at least %1 times in the last %2 minutes. The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227765</td><td>The Module name %1 path %2 returned an error from registration.  The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227766</td><td>The worker process failed to pre-load .Net Runtime version %1.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227767</td><td>Failed to find the RegisterModule entrypoint in the module DLL %1.  The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227768</td><td>The Module name &#39;%1&#39; path &#39;%2&#39; has an invalid precondition &#39;%3&#39;.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227769</td><td>The worker process for application pool &#39;%1&#39; encountered an error &#39;%2&#39; trying to read global module configuration data from file &#39;%3&#39;, line number &#39;%4&#39;.  Worker process startup aborted.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485946</td><td>The globalModules list is empty. No requests can be served successfully.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227771</td><td>An application has reported as being unhealthy. The worker process will now request a recycle. Reason given: %1. The data is the error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485948</td><td>The worker process cannot access the CLR configuration file at &#39;%1&#39;.  Verify that the file exists and that the worker process has read access to the file.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485949</td><td>There was an error during processing of the HTTP Application Preload event.  Modules and/or applications relying upon this event may not have been initialized properly.  The data field contains the error code.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227774</td><td>There was an error during processing of the managed application service auto-start for configuration path: &#39;%1&#39;. The error message returned is: &#39;%2&#39;.  The worker process will be marked unhealthy and be shutdown.  The data field contains the error code.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485951</td><td>There was an error during processing of the managed application service auto-start for application pool: &#39;%1&#39;.  Some application services may not have been processed correctly.  Please check the configuration for application service auto-start for the application(s) assigned to this application pool.  The data field contains the error code.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227776</td><td>There was an unexpected error during the loading of managed runtime version: &#39;%1&#39;.  The managed runtime loader &#39;%2&#39; was unable to load the managed runtime.  The data field contains the error code.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485953</td><td>There was an error during processing of the managed application service auto-start for application pool: &#39;%1&#39;.  The configured .Net Framework for this application pool doesn&#39;t support managed application services.  As a result, no managed application service auto-start has been completed.  To resolve this issue, please change the .Net Framework version configured for this application pool to one that supports managed application service.  The data field contains the error code.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>2147485954</td><td>There was an error during processing of the managed application service auto-start for application pool: &#39;%1&#39;.  The loading of application service provider objects is not supported if the pipeline mode is set to &#39;Classic&#39; mode.  As a result, no managed application service auto-start has been completed.  To resolve this issue, please change the pipeline mode for this application pool to &#39;Integrated&#39; mode.  The data field contains the error code.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227779</td><td>The worker process for application pool &#39;%1&#39; encountered an error &#39;%2&#39; trying to read configuration data from file &#39;%3&#39;, line number &#39;%4&#39;.  The data field contains the error code.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227780</td><td>The loghttp module in the worker process with id &#39;%2&#39; could not obtain custom log data for &#39;%1&#39; requests. The data field contains the error code.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>3221227781</td><td>The loghttp module in the worker process with id &#39;%2&#39; removed custom log data for &#39;%1&#39; request(s) which was not claimed by the W3C Logging Service.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-IIS-W3SVC-WP</td><td>1073744134</td><td>A worker process with process id of &#39;%1&#39; serving application pool &#39;%2&#39; paged out due to inactivity. Application Pool timeout-action configuration was set to %3 minutes. A worker process will resume when needed.</td></tr>
</table>
