# Microsoft-Windows-WAS-ListenerAdapter

<table>
<colgroup><col/><col/><col/></colgroup>
<tr><th>Name</th><th>Id</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-WAS-ListenerAdapter</td><td>2147490649</td><td>Listener Adapter protocol &#39;%1&#39; failed to connect to Windows Process Activation Service due to identity permissions mismatch.  Cause: Configured Identity for protocol &#39;%1&#39; in applicationHost.config does not match identity of process &#39;%2&#39; hosting Listener Adapter.  Fix: Ensure that the identity for protocol &#39;%1&#39; is configured correctly in applicationHost.config.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-WAS-ListenerAdapter</td><td>1073748826</td><td>Listener Adapter protocol &#39;%1&#39; is waiting to connect to Windows Process Activation Service.  This event will only be logged once.  Cause: This could be caused by either Windows Process Activation Service not being started, the protocol not being configured in &lt;listenerAdapters&gt; section, or another process already connected as Listener Adapter for that protocol.  Fix: Ensure that Windows Process Activation Service is running, the protocol is configured in the &lt;listenerAdapters&gt; section, and that another process has not already connected as the Listener Adapter for that protocol.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-WAS-ListenerAdapter</td><td>1073748827</td><td>Listener Adapter protocol &#39;%1&#39; successfully connected to Windows Process Activation Service.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-WAS-ListenerAdapter</td><td>3221232476</td><td>Listener Adapter protocol &#39;%1&#39; is unable to connect to Windows Process Activation Service because it has been disabled.  Cause: Listener Adapter protocol &#39;%1&#39; has been marked as disabled by Windows Process Activation Service due catastrophic failure.  Fix: To fix this condition, stop Listener Adapter then Windows Process Activation Service, restart Windows Process Activation Service, and finally restart Listener Adapter.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-WAS-ListenerAdapter</td><td>3221232477</td><td>Listener Adapter protocol &#39;%1&#39; attempted to communicate to Windows Process Activation Service and failed. The Listener Adapter is now in a bad state.  Cause: This is caused by Out of Memory issues or failures between Windows Process Activation Service and Listener Adapter.  Fix: To fix this condition, stop Listener Adapter then Windows Process Activation Service, restart Windows Process Activation Service, and finally restart Listener Adapter.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-WAS-ListenerAdapter</td><td>3221232478</td><td>Listener Adapter protocol &#39;%1&#39; received bad data from Windows Process Activation Service and is shutting itself down.  Cause: Listener Adapter received bad data from Windows Process Activation Service. Fix: To fix this condition, stop Listener Adapter then Windows Process Activation Service, restart Windows Process Activation Service, and finally restart Listener Adapter.</td></tr>
</table>
