# Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2

<table>
<colgroup><col/><col/><col/></colgroup>
<tr><th>Name</th><th>Id</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>1073745921</td><td>Failed to clean up the default DTC cluster resource setting. The default DTC cluster resource setting might be invalid. The error code returned: %1</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>1073745922</td><td>Contact = %1 was deleted successfully. Attempt to copy the new contact = %2 over it failed. The DTC configuration may be corrupted. The operation that failed must be retried. The error code returned: %3</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>1073745923</td><td>Failed to create DTC cluster resource. DTC cluster resource GUID specified = %1. The error code returned: %2</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>1073745924</td><td>Attempt to find the drive letter or Volume Guid corresponding to the cluster DTC&#39;s dependent disk resource has failed. If the dependent disk resource does not support Volume Guid information, please configure at least one dependent disk partition with a drive letter. The error code returned: %1</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>1073745925</td><td>Attempting to change the DTC cluster resource&#39;s log file path to %1 has failed. Please verify if log path is configured to a valid dependent disk partition. The error code returned: %2</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>1073745926</td><td>Application specified a cluster resource ID: %1, but no DTC cluster resource could be returned. Instead, the local DTC instance was returned</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>1073745927</td><td>Service: %1 is still running. Attempt to cleanup the service has failed</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>1073745928</td><td>Failed trying to get the state of the cluster node: %1.The error code returned: %2</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>1073746026</td><td>MSDTC started with the following settings: Security Configuration (OFF = 0 and ON = 1): Allow Remote Administrator = %1, Network Clients = %2, Transaction Manager Communication:  Allow Inbound Transactions = %3, Allow Outbound Transactions = %4, Transaction Internet Protocol (TIP) = %5,  Enable XA Transactions = %6,  Enable SNA LU 6.2 Transactions = %12,  MSDTC Communications Security = %8, Account = %9,  Firewall Exclusion Detected = %10 Transaction Bridge Installed = %11 Filtering Duplicate Events = %7</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>1073746174</td><td>Cluster API call failed with error code: %1. Cluster API function: %2 Arguments: %3</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>2147488520</td><td>A caller has attempted to register an XA resource while XA transactions are disabled. Please review the MSDTC configuration settings.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>2147488523</td><td>A caller has attempted to import a transaction from a remote system, but MSDTC is currently configured to disallow inbound transaction manager communication on machine &#39;%1&#39;. Please review the MS DTC configuration settings.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>2147488524</td><td>A caller has attempted to export a transaction to a remote system, but MSDTC is currently configured to disallow outbound transaction manager communication on machine &#39;%1&#39;. Please review the MS DTC configuration settings.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>2147488526</td><td>MSDTC encountered an error (HR=0x%1) while attempting to authenticate an incoming connection from system &#39;%2&#39;. The principal name is %3.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>2147488527</td><td>MSDTC encountered an error (HR=0x%1) while attempting to establish a secure connection with system %2.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>2147488528</td><td>MS DTC encountered an error while attempting to process a message from a connection with system &#39;%1&#39;. The incoming message should be from another MSDTC, but has not been authenticated as such. The principal name is &#39;%2&#39;.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>2147536971</td><td>The MSDTC XA Transaction Manager called the xa_rollback function for XA resource manager &#39;%1&#39;. This call failed with an unexpected return code (%2): File=%3 Line=%4.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>2147536972</td><td>The MSDTC XA Transaction Manager called the xa_commit function for XA resource manager &#39;%1&#39;. This call failed with an unexpected return code (%2): File=%3 Line=%4.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>2147536973</td><td>The MSDTC XA Transaction Manager called the xa_open function for XA resource manager &#39;%1&#39;. This call failed with an unexpected return code (%2): File=%3 Line=%4.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>2147536975</td><td>The MSDTC XA Transaction Manager called the &#39;GetXaSwitch&#39; function in the XA resource manager DLL &#39;%1&#39;. The call to the &#39;GetXaSwitch&#39; function failed with error %2: File=%3 Line=%4.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>2147536976</td><td>The MSDTC XA Transaction Manager attempted to perform recovery with the XA resource manager DLL &#39;%1&#39;. The XA resource manager reported that recovery was unsuccessful (XA return code=%2).</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>2147536977</td><td>The MSDTC XA Transaction Manager called the xa_open function in the XA resource manager DLL &#39;%1&#39;. This call failed with a user exception: File=%2 Line=%3.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>2147536978</td><td>The MSDTC XA Transaction Manager called the xa_close function in the XA resource manager DLL &#39;%1&#39;. This call failed with a user exception: File=%2 Line=%3.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>2147536979</td><td>The MSDTC XA Transaction Manager called the xa_recover function in the XA resource manager DLL &#39;%1&#39;. This call failed with a user exception: File=%2 Line=%3.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>2147536980</td><td>The MSDTC XA Transaction Manager called the xa_commit function in the XA resource manager DLL &#39;%1&#39;. This call failed with a user exception: File=%2 Line=%3.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>2147536981</td><td>The MSDTC XA Transaction Manager called the xa_rollback function in the XA resource manager DLL &#39;%1&#39;. This call failed with a user exception: File=%2 Line=%3.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>2147536982</td><td>The MSDTC XA Transaction Manager called the xa_prepare function in the XA resource manager DLL &#39;%1&#39;. This call failed with a user exception: File=%2 Line=%3.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>2147536983</td><td>The MSDTC XA Transaction Manager called the GetXaSwitch function in the XA resource manager DLL &#39;%1&#39;. This call failed with a user exception: File=%2 Line=%3.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>2147536984</td><td>The MSDTC XA Transaction Manager called the xa_prepare function for XA resource manager &#39;%1&#39;. This call failed with an unexpected return code (%2): File=%3 Line=%4.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>2147536985</td><td>The MSDTC XA Transaction Manager called the xa_commit function with the TMONEPHASE flag set for the XA resource manager &#39;%1&#39;. The call to the xa_commit function failed with an unexpected return code (%2): File=%3 Line=%4.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>2147536986</td><td>The MSDTC XA Transaction Manager attempted to locate the &#39;GetXaSwitch&#39; function in the XA resource manager DLL. The &#39;GetXaSwitch&#39; function is missing from the XA resource manager DLL %1 : Error=%2 File=%3 Line=%4.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-MSDTC 2</td><td>2147536987</td><td>The MS DTC XA Transaction Manager called the xa_close function for XA resource manager &#39;%1&#39;. This call failed with an unexpected return code (%2): File=%3 Line=%4.</td></tr>
</table>
