# Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server

<table>
<colgroup><col/><col/><col/></colgroup>
<tr><th>Name</th><th>Id</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server</td><td>1</td><td>The file %1 may be corrupted, which may have caused the application %2 to stop working. Windows did not attempt to repair %1 because it is not a protected system file.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server</td><td>2</td><td>The system file %1 is corrupted, which may have caused the application %2 to stop working. Windows will not attempt to repair %1 because too many corrupted files have been detected recently.  Frequent corruptions may indicate a problem with the disk on this computer.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server</td><td>3</td><td>The system file %1 may be corrupted, which may have caused the application %2 to stop working. Windows did not attempt to repair this file because the same file has been repaired too many times over a recent period of time.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server</td><td>4</td><td>The system file %1 is corrupted, which may have caused the application %2 to stop working. Windows did not attempt to repair this file because a repair attempt is already underway for the same file.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server</td><td>5</td><td>The system file %1 was reported as being corrupted but Windows determined that the file is not actually damaged. It may have been repaired already.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server</td><td>6</td><td>The system file %1 was corrupted, which may have caused the application %2 to stop working. Windows was unable to repair this file (error code %3).  Run the command &quot;sfc /scannow&quot; at an administrative command prompt to check for errors and to repair the file if necessary.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server</td><td>7</td><td>The system file %1 was corrupted, which may have caused the application %2 to stop working. Windows successfully repaired the damaged file.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server</td><td>8</td><td>The system file %1 was corrupted, which may have caused the application %2 to stop working. Windows attempted to repair the file. A reboot is required to finish this repair.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server</td><td>9</td><td>The system file %1 may be corrupted, which may have caused the application %2 to stop working. Windows attempted to repair the file, but the operation was cancelled before it could be completed.  Run the command &quot;sfc /scannow&quot; at an administrative command prompt to check for errors and to repair the file if necessary.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server</td><td>10</td><td>The system file %1 may be corrupted, but Windows could not determine if the file was actually damaged (error code %3). No repair action was taken. Run the command &quot;sfc /scannow&quot; at an administrative command prompt to check for errors and to repair the file if necessary.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server</td><td>11</td><td>The system file %1 is corrupted, which may have caused the application %2 to stop working. Windows could not attempt to repair %1 because a previous repair operation was pended.  Reboot the computer and run the command &quot;sfc /scannow&quot; at an administrative command prompt to check for errors and to repair the file if necessary.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server</td><td>12</td><td>Windows detected that program file %1 is corrupted, causing application %2 to stop working. To restore the file, reinstall %3 version %4.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server</td><td>13</td><td>The program file %1 was reported as being possibly corrupted, causing application %2 to stop working. Windows performed additional diagnostics and determined that the file is not actually damaged.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server</td><td>14</td><td>The file %1 may be corrupted, which may have caused the application %2 to stop working. Windows did not attempt to repair %1 because it could not find its corresponding installer package.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server</td><td>15</td><td>Windows detected that program file %1 is corrupted, causing application %2 to stop working. Reinstalling %3 version %4 may repair the file. However, Windows is not launching a %3 reinstallation because too many product reinstalls have run recently.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server</td><td>16</td><td>Windows detected that program file %1 is corrupted, causing application %2 to stop working. Reinstalling %3 version %4 may repair the file. However, Windows is not launching a %3 reinstallation because that product has already been reinstalled too many times recently.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server</td><td>17</td><td>The program file %1 was reported as being possibly corrupted, causing application %2 to stop working. Windows performed additional diagnostics and determined that the file is not an executable image. To avoid potential user data loss, Windows will not attempt to repair the file.</td></tr>
</table>
