# Microsoft-Windows-PrintService

<table>
<colgroup><col/><col/><col/></colgroup>
<tr><th>Name</th><th>Id</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>99</td><td>The print spooler encountered a fatal error while executing a critical operation (%1, error %2) and must immediately terminate. Try to manually restart the print spooler service (from Control Panel | Administrative Tools | Services or from an elevated command prompt running: net start spooler).</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>100</td><td>Printer %3 successfully added. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>101</td><td>Failed to add printer %3, error code %2. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>104</td><td>Deleting printer %3 succeeded. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>105</td><td>Deleting printer %3 failed, error code %2. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>106</td><td>Starting document job %3 for printer %4 succeeded. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>107</td><td>Starting document job %3 for printer %4 failed, error code %2. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>110</td><td>Ending document job %3 for printer %4 succeeded. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>111</td><td>Ending document job %3 for printer %4 failed, error code %2. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>114</td><td>Adding printer driver %3 succeeded. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>115</td><td>Adding printer driver %3 failed, error code %2. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>118</td><td>Opening printer %3 succeeded. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>119</td><td>Opening printer %3 failed, error code %2. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>122</td><td>Starting page job %3 at printer %4 succeeded. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>123</td><td>Starting page failed at printer %3, error code %2. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>124</td><td>Ending page job %3 at printer %4 succeeded. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>125</td><td>Ending page job %3 at printer %4 failed, error code %2. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>131</td><td>Setting printer %3 failed, error code %2. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>200</td><td>Adding CSR printer connection %3 succeeded. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>201</td><td>Adding CSR printer connection %3 failed, error code %2. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>204</td><td>Deleting CSR printer connection %3 succeeded. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>205</td><td>Deleting CSR printer connection %3 failed, error code %2. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>207</td><td>Opening CSR printer %3 failed, error code %2. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>210</td><td>Closing CSR printer %3 succeeded. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>211</td><td>Closing CSR printer %3 failed, error code %2. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>212</td><td>Parsing inf (%4) for printer driver %5 succeeded (processor architecture %7). See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>213</td><td>Parsing inf (%4) for printer driver %5 failed (processor architecture %7), error code %8, HRESULT %9. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>214</td><td>Installing printer driver %5 succeeded. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>215</td><td>Installing printer driver %5 failed, error code %10, HRESULT %11. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>216</td><td>A printer setup operation succeeded during the installation process. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>217</td><td>A printer setup operation failed during the installation process, error code %5, HRESULT %6. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>218</td><td>Copying printer driver package %5 succeeded. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>219</td><td>Copying printer driver package %5 failed, error code %8, HRESULT %9. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>220</td><td>Retrieving CSR cache information for printer %3 succeeded. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>221</td><td>Retrieving CSR cache information for printer %3 failed, error code %2. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>222</td><td>%1</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>223</td><td>%1</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>224</td><td>A remote print driver package operation %1 failed with error code %2, server name %3. This was most likely caused by an unexpected error in the protocol communication between the client and the print server.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>225</td><td>An error occurred while installing printer driver &#39;%1&#39;. Error code: %4. Please obtain and install a new version of the driver from the manufacturer (if available), or choose an alternate driver that works with this print device.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>226</td><td>An error occurred while installing printer driver &#39;%1&#39;. The driver being installed is incompatible with this version of Windows. Please obtain and install a compatible version of the driver from the manufacturer (if available), or choose an alternate driver that works with this print device. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>227</td><td>An error occurred while installing printer driver &#39;%1&#39;. Error code: %4. The driver being installed relies on class driver &#39;%3&#39;, which is not present on this computer. The class driver may be available on Windows Update. Please ensure that Windows Update is enabled in Device Installation Settings and that a connection can be established, and try again, or choose an alternate driver that works with this print device.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>228</td><td>An error occurred while installing printer driver &#39;%1&#39;. The driver being installed relies on class driver &#39;%3&#39;, which failed to install. Error code: %4. Please obtain and install a new version of the driver from the manufacturer (if available), or choose an alternate driver that works with this print device.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>229</td><td>An error occurred while installing printer driver &#39;%1&#39;. The driver must contain a pipelineconfig.xml file.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>230</td><td>A problem was encountered while installing printer driver &#39;%1&#39;. A printer extension bundled with the driver failed to register, and will be unavailable. Error code: %4. The driver will still be functional. Please obtain and install a new version of the printer extension or printer driver from the manufacturer (if available).</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>231</td><td>An attempt was made to upgrade installed class driver &#39;%1&#39; to a non-class driver. Doing so will prevent any driver that relies on the class driver to stop functioning. The class driver will remain installed.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>232</td><td>An attempt was made to upgrade installed printer driver &#39;%1&#39; to an older version of the driver, which is unsupported. If the older version of the driver is required, please delete the current version (via Print Management or Print Server Properties) and try again.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>233</td><td>An attempt was made to upgrade installed printer driver &#39;%1&#39; to a version that does not support printer sharing, or may cause compatibility problems when sharing to some computers. In order to use the new driver, please disable sharing for all print queues that are using this driver (via Print Management or the Sharing tab in Printer Properties) and try again.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>234</td><td>A problem was encountered while deleting printer driver &#39;%1&#39;. A printer extension bundled with the driver failed to unregister. Error code: %4. The driver will still be deleted.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>235</td><td>An error occurred while installing printer driver &#39;%1&#39;. The file &#39;%5&#39; referenced by the %4 directive could not be found.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>236</td><td>An error occurred while installing printer driver &#39;%1&#39;. The %4 directive is not allowed for this type of driver. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>237</td><td>An error occurred while installing printer driver &#39;%1&#39;. The %4 directive is malformed, by having either an empty token or an incorrect number of tokens. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>238</td><td>An error occurred while installing printer driver &#39;%1&#39;. The %4 must be a GUID, but &#39;%5&#39; was provided.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>239</td><td>An error occurred while installing printer driver &#39;%1&#39;. The %4 directive must be present in the manifest.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>240</td><td>An error occurred while installing printer driver &#39;%1&#39;. There must be only one manifest per driver. Either no manifest was found, or too many manifests were found. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>241</td><td>An attempt was made to upgrade installed printer driver &#39;%1&#39; to a driver that does not support non-inbox port monitors. In order to use the new driver, please remove or reconfigure all print queues that are using this driver and try again.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>242</td><td>An error occurred while configuring print queue &#39;%1&#39;. Printer driver &#39;%2&#39; may not be used in conjunction with a non-inbox port monitor.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>300</td><td>Printer %1 was created. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>301</td><td>Printer %1 was deleted, and users will no longer be able to print to this printer. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>302</td><td>Printer %1 will be deleted. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>303</td><td>Printer %1 was paused. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>304</td><td>Printer %1 was resumed. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>305</td><td>The jobs in the print queue for printer %1 were deleted. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>306</td><td>Settings for printer %1 were changed. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>307</td><td>Document %1, %2 owned by %3 on %4 was printed on %5 through port %6.  Size in bytes: %7. Pages printed: %8. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>308</td><td>Document %1, %2 owned by %3 was paused on %4. This document will not print until the document owner resumes the print job. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>309</td><td>Document %1, %2 owned by %3 was resumed on %4. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>310</td><td>Document %1, %2 owned by %3 was deleted on %4. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>311</td><td>An administrator moved document %1, %2 owned by %3 to position %4 on %5. This changes when the document will print. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>312</td><td>Form %1 was added. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>313</td><td>Form %1 was removed. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>314</td><td>Document %1, %2 owned by %3 timed out while printing on %4. The spooler waited for %5 milliseconds and no data was received.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>315</td><td>The print spooler failed to share printer %2 with shared resource name %3. Error %1. The printer cannot be used by others on the network.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>316</td><td>Printer driver %1 for %2 %3 was added or updated. Files:- %4. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>317</td><td>Printer driver %1 was deleted. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>318</td><td>Failed to upgrade printer settings for printer %1 driver %2. Error: %3. The device settings for the printer are set to those configured by the manufacturer.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>319</td><td>Printer %1 failed to initialize because a suitable %2 driver could not be found. The new printer settings that you specified have not taken effect. Install or reinstall the printer driver. You might need to contact the vendor for an updated driver.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>320</td><td>Printer %1 failed to initialize because none of its ports (%2) could be found. This can occur if the ports were deleted or the port information is invalid.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>321</td><td>File(s) %1 associated with printer %2 were added or updated. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>322</td><td>While attempting to publish the printer to the Active Directory directory service, Windows failed to publish property %1 at %2.  Error: %3</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>323</td><td>While attempting to publish the printer to the Active Directory directory service, the print spooler could not create or update the print queue because Windows failed to bind to container: %1.  Error: %2. The printer is not published in Active Directory and cannot be located by searching Active Directory.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>325</td><td>While attempting to remove the printer from the Active Directory directory service, Windows failed to delete print queue %1 at %2.  Error: %3</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>326</td><td>While attempting to publish the printer to the Active Directory directory service, the print spooler could not create or update the print queue under container %1.  Error: %2. The printer is not published in Active Directory and cannot be located by searching Active Directory.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>327</td><td>While attempting to publish the printer to the Active Directory directory service, the print spooler could not create print queue %1 under container %2 because Mandatory properties could not be set.  Error: %3. The printer is not published in Active Directory and cannot be located by searching Active Directory.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>328</td><td>While attempting to publish the printer to the Active Directory directory service, the print spooler could not find the appropriate print queue container because the primary domain query failed. Error: %1. This can occur if Domain Name System (DNS) cannot resolve the domain controller IP address, or if the domain controller or directory service is not functioning correctly. The printer is not published in Active Directory and cannot be located by searching Active Directory.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>329</td><td>While attempting to publish the printer to the Active Directory directory service, the print spooler could not find the appropriate print queue container because the Domain Name System (DNS) domain name could not be retrieved. Error: %1. This can occur if DNS cannot resolve the domain controller IP address, or if the domain controller or directory service is not functioning correctly. The printer is not published in Active Directory and cannot be located by searching Active Directory.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>331</td><td>While attempting to publish the printer to the Active Directory directory service, the print spooler could not find the appropriate print queue container on domain %1.  Error: %2. The printer is not published in Active Directory and cannot be located by searching Active Directory.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>332</td><td>The printer was successfully published to the Active Directory directory service. The print queue %1 was successfully created in container %2. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>333</td><td>While attempting to publish the printer to the Active Directory directory service, the print spooler failed to create or update print queue %1 in container %2.  Error: %3. The printer is not published in Active Directory and cannot be located by searching Active Directory.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>334</td><td>The printer was successfully removed from the Active Directory directory service. Print queue %1 was successfully deleted from container %2. The printer can no longer be located by searching Active Directory. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>335</td><td>While attempting to remove the printer from the Active Directory directory service, the print spooler failed to delete print queue %1 from container %2.  Error: %3</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>336</td><td>Print queue %1 was successfully updated in the Active Directory directory service container %2. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>337</td><td>The print queue could not be found on domain %1.  It may have been deleted from the Active Directory directory service. Windows will attempt to republish the print queue.  Error: %2</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>338</td><td>Printer %1 was successfully removed from the Active Directory directory service. The printer can no longer be located by searching Active Directory. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>342</td><td>The print spooler removed print queue %1 from the Active Directory directory service because it does not have a Universal Naming Convention (UNC) name or server name listed. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>343</td><td>The print spooler was unable to connect to print queue %1 based on the information published in the Active Directory. Error %2. No user action is required. If this print queue continues to be unreachable it may be removed from Active Directory.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>344</td><td>The print spooler removed print queue %1 from the Active Directory directory service. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>345</td><td>The print spooler removed print queue %1 from the Active Directory directory service because it is a duplicate of another print queue. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>346</td><td>The print spooler removed print queue %1 from the Active Directory directory service. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>347</td><td>Print queue %1 could not be deleted (pruned) from the Active Directory directory service.  Error: %2. The spooler will periodically try to remove the entry until it is successful. Continued failures may indicate an Active Directory problem, a basic network problem, or a communication problem between the domain controller and the print server.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>348</td><td>This version of %1 is incompatible with this version of Windows. Please obtain and install a new version of the driver from the manufacturer (if available), or choose an alternate driver that works with this print device.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>349</td><td>The print spooler failed to create a symbolic link between HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Control\\Print\\Printers and HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows NT\\CurrentVersion\\Print\\Printers. Error %1. This only affects older applications, but is probably a sign that the system itself is in a poor condition or that the print spooler does not have the proper registry permissions.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>350</td><td>Document %1 failed to print and was deleted because of corruption in the spooled file. The associated driver is: %2. Try printing the document again.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>351</td><td>The attempt for %1 to use a Windows NT 4.0 (kernel mode) driver failed because this version of Windows does not support Windows NT 4.0 printer drivers. Please obtain and install a new version of the driver from the manufacturer (if available), or choose an alternate driver that works with this print device.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>352</td><td>The priority of document %1, %2 owned by %3 was changed to %4 on %5. Windows prints the document with the highest priority number before other print jobs with lower priority numbers. Documents that are currently printing are unaffected by changes in priority. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>353</td><td>The document failed to print because the user did not have the necessary privileges.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>354</td><td>%1 initialization failed at %2. Error: %3. This can occur because of system instability or a lack of system resources.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>356</td><td>Failed to install or update driver %1 on cluster spooler resource %2. Win32 error: %3. The printer driver is different from the driver in use on other computers (nodes) in the cluster. This can occur because of a transient failure in replication between nodes.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>359</td><td>The attempt to install printer %1 into an offline operating system image failed with Win32 error code %2. This can occur if the printer driver requires user input or displays a user interface (UI) during installation.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>360</td><td>Updating the color profile failed for printer %1 with Win32 error code %2. The colors printed may not be correctly matched to the colors in the document being printed.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>361</td><td>Printer %1 failed to initialize its ports. Win32 error: %2. This error usually occurs because of a problem with the port monitor. Try recreating the port using a standard TCP/IP printer port, if possible. This problem does not affect other printers.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>362</td><td>The print spooler could not initialize because resolving the local machine name to IP addresses failed with error code %1. This may be a transient error. Try to manually restart the print spooler service (from Control Panel | Administrative Tools | Services or from an elevated command prompt running: net start spooler).</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>363</td><td>The print spooler %1 failed to start. To determine the cause of this error, examine the preceding events in the Event Log.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>364</td><td>Windows could not load print processor %1 because EnumDatatypes did not return any data. Module: %2. Please obtain and install a new version of the driver from the manufacturer (if available), or choose an alternate driver that works with this print device.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>365</td><td>Windows could not load print processor %1 because EnumDatatypes failed. Error code %2. Module: %3. Please obtain and install a new version of the driver from the manufacturer (if available), or choose an alternate driver that works with this print device.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>366</td><td>The print server security descriptor for %1 is invalid. The default print server security descriptor will be used.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>367</td><td>Windows could not initialize printer %1 because the print processor %2 could not be found. Please obtain and install a new version of the driver from the manufacturer (if available), or choose an alternate driver that works with this print device.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>368</td><td>The print spooler failed to verify printer driver package %1 for environment %2. Win32 system error code %3. This can occur after an operating system upgrade or because of data loss on the hard drive. The print spooler will try to regenerate the driver information from the driver store, which is where drivers are saved before they are installed. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>369</td><td>The print spooler failed to verify printer driver package for environment %1. Win32 system error code %2. This can occur because of insufficient memory or other system failures. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>370</td><td>The print spooler failed to regenerate the printer driver information for driver %1 for environment %2. Win32 system error code %3. This can occur after an operating system upgrade or because of data loss on the hard drive.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>371</td><td>The print spooler failed to unshare printer %2 which is shared as %3. Error %1.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>372</td><td>The document %1, owned by %2, failed to print on printer %3. Try to print the document again, or restart the print spooler. 
Data type: %4. Size of the spool file in bytes: %5. Number of bytes printed: %6. Total number of pages in the document: %7. Number of pages printed: %8. Client computer: %9. Win32 error code returned by the print processor: %10. %11</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>373</td><td>The spooler has detected that a component has an unusually large number of open Graphical Device Interface (GDI) objects. As a result, some enhanced metafile (EMF) print jobs might not print until the spooler is restarted.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>502</td><td>The print spooler failed to get the computer name. Error %2. This can occur due to system instability or a lack of system resources.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>503</td><td>The system failed to initialize the local print provider: Error %2. This can occur because of system instability or a lack of system resources.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>504</td><td>Failed to initialize the router work crew: Error %2. This can occur because of system instability or a lack of system resources.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>505</td><td>Failed to create Phase2Init event in WaitForSpoolerInitialization: Error %2. This can occur because of system instability or a lack of system resources.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>507</td><td>The system failed to initialize the name cache: Error %2. This can occur because of system instability or a lack of system resources.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>508</td><td>Failed to initialize the router cache: Error %2. This can occur because of system instability or a lack of system resources.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>509</td><td>The print spooler cannot start because the PrinterBusEnumerator could not start. Error code %2. This can occur because of system instability or a lack of system resources.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>510</td><td>InitializeProvider cannot allocate memory for %1. This can occur because of system instability or a lack of system resources.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>511</td><td>The print spooler failed to load print provider %1. This can occur because of system instability or a lack of system resources.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>512</td><td>InitializePrintProvider failed for provider %1. This can occur because of system instability or a lack of system resources.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>513</td><td>Group Policy was unable to add per computer connection %1. Error code %2. This can occur if the name of the printer connection is incorrect, or if the print spooler cannot contact the print server.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>514</td><td>Group Policy was unable to delete per computer connection %1. Error %2. This can occur if the name of the printer connection is incorrect, or if the print spooler cannot contact the print server.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>515</td><td>Group Policy was unable to delete per computer printer connection %1. Error %2. The printer connection is still available to users on this computer. This can occur if the name of the printer connection is incorrect, if there is a Group Policy problem, or if the print spooler cannot contact the print server. Group Policy will periodically retry deleting the printer connection.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>516</td><td>Group Policy was unable to deploy per computer printer connection %1. Error %2. The printer connection is not available to users on this computer. This can occur if the name of the printer connection is incorrect, if there is a Group Policy problem, or if the print spooler cannot contact the print server. Group Policy will periodically retry adding the printer connection.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>517</td><td>Group Policy was unable to update per computer printer connection %1. Error code %2. This can occur if the name of the printer connection is incorrect, if there is a Group Policy problem, or if the print spooler cannot contact the print server. Group Policy will periodically retry updating the printer connection.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>518</td><td>Group Policy was unable to delete the per user printer connection %1. Error code %2. The printer connection is still available to users on this computer. This can occur if the name of the printer connection is incorrect, if there is a Group Policy problem, or if the print spooler cannot contact the print server. Group Policy will periodically retry deleting the printer connection.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>519</td><td>Group Policy was unable to deploy per user printer connection %1. Error code %2. The printer connection is not available to the users on this computer to which the Group Policy object applies. This can occur if the name of the printer connection is incorrect, if there is a Group Policy problem, or if the print spooler cannot contact the print server. Group Policy will periodically retry adding the printer connection.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>520</td><td>Group Policy was unable to update per user printer connection %1. Error code %2. This can occur if the name of the printer connection is incorrect, if there is a Group Policy problem, or if the print spooler cannot contact the print server. Group Policy will periodically retry updating the printer connection.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>600</td><td>The print spooler failed to import the printer driver that was downloaded from %1 into the driver store for driver %2. Error code= %3. This can occur if there is a problem with the driver or the digital signature of the driver.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>601</td><td>The print spooler failed to download and import the printer driver from %1 into the driver store for driver %2. Error code= %3.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>602</td><td>The print spooler failed to reopen an existing printer connection because it could not read the configuration information from the registry key %1\%2. This can occur if the key name or values are malformed or missing.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>603</td><td>The print spooler failed to reopen an existing printer connection because it could not read the configuration information from the registry key %1. The print spooler could not open the registry key. This can occur if the registry key is corrupt or missing, or if the registry recently became unavailable.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>604</td><td>The print spooler encountered an unknown driver type while saving %1 cache information. This can occur because of a protocol or network error.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>701</td><td>The print filter pipeline host cannot initialize with the Component Object Model (COM) system. Error %1. This can occur because of system instability or a lack of system resources.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>702</td><td>The print filter pipeline host is shutting down due to the following error: Error %1. This can occur because of system instability or a lack of system resources.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>703</td><td>The print filter pipeline host is shutting down due to an error in signaling the Component Object Model (COM) proxy in the spooler. Error %1. This can occur because of system instability or a lack of system resources.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>704</td><td>The print filter pipeline host is shutting down because the query interface for ISignal in the Component Object Model (COM) proxy in the spooler failed. Error %1. This can occur because of system instability or a lack of system resources.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>800</td><td>Spooling job %1.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>801</td><td>Printing job %1.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>802</td><td>Deleting job %1.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>805</td><td>Rendering job %1.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>806</td><td>Pausing job %1.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>807</td><td>Resuming job %1.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>808</td><td>The print spooler failed to load a plug-in module %1, error code %2. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>809</td><td>The print spooler failed to recursively delete the directory %1, error code %2. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>810</td><td>The print spooler failed to delete the directory %1 and the contained files, error code %2. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>811</td><td>The print spooler failed to move the file %1 to %2, error code %4. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>812</td><td>The print spooler failed to delete the file %1, error code %4. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>813</td><td>The print spooler failed to copy the file %1 to %2, error code %4. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>814</td><td>The print spooler failed to install the print processor %1 %2 %3, error code %4.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>815</td><td>The print spooler service failed to register the RPC server protocol sequence %1, error code %3. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>816</td><td>The print spooler service detected an invalid RPC protocol sequence %1, expecting %2, error code %3.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>817</td><td>The RPC end-point policy for the print spooler service is disabled. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>818</td><td>The print spooler RPC server failed to start, error code %1. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>819</td><td>Client Side Rendering is currently disabled by policy (%1).</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>820</td><td>Client side rendering to %1 failed, error code %4. The print spooler service will retry server side rendering. See the event user data for more context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>821</td><td>The print spooler Client Side Rendering is attempting to render the job %1 on the server (Server Side Rendering), status %3. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>822</td><td>Unknown print processor (%1) or invalid data type (%4), error %7, Client Side Rendering is disabled. See the event user data for more context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>823</td><td>The default printer was changed to %3. See the event user data for context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>824</td><td>A fatal error occurred while printing job %1, id %2 on the print queue %3. The print filter pipeline process was terminated. Error information: %4.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>825</td><td>Client side rendering to %1 failed, error code %4. The print spooler service will not retry server side rendering. See the event user data for more context information.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>826</td><td>Force Client Side Rendering policy was successfully set on printer %1, path %2, port %3.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>827</td><td>The specified print queue %1 is invalid.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>828</td><td>The print job %1 failed with error code %2.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>829</td><td>XPS API call %1 (%2) started.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>830</td><td>XPS API call %1 (%2) ended, status %3.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>831</td><td>XPS API dependency %1 (%2) started.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>832</td><td>XPS API dependency %1 (%2) ended, status %3.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>833</td><td>Print spooler operation %1 (%2) started.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>834</td><td>Print spooler operation %1 (%2) ended, status %3.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>842</td><td>The print job %1 was sent through the print processor %2 on printer %3, driver %4, in the isolation mode %5 (0 - loaded in the spooler, 1 - loaded in shared sandbox, 2 - loaded in isolated sandbox). Win32 error code returned by the print processor: %6.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>843</td><td>The print spooler service recorded %1 successful and %2 failed RPC requests for all active print driver sandbox hosts.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>844</td><td>The print spooler selected the isolation mode %1 (0 - loaded in the spooler, 1 - loaded in shared sandbox, 2 - loaded in isolated sandbox) for printer %2, printer driver %3.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>845</td><td>Attempted to load module %1 for printer %2, printer driver %3. Win32 error code %4.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>846</td><td>Cached printer %1 has been scavenged and deleted. This printer&#39;s age (%2 seconds) has surpassed the expiry age of %3 seconds.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>847</td><td>Cached printer %1 has been scheduled for deletion due to a logon scavenging operation. This printer is no longer referenced in the registry.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>848</td><td>Printer %1 was shared by the print spooler as %2.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>849</td><td>Printer %1 shared as %2 was unshared by the print spooler.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>850</td><td>The print spooler called the function %2 in print driver module %1. This call initialized the Component Object Model (COM) system without properly un-initializing it.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>851</td><td>Point and Print not allowed by policy for queue %1. Cannot make a Point and Print connection to this queue. Error %2.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>852</td><td>Driver %1 could not be installed for printer connection %3. The print system selected the replacement driver %2 for the printer connection. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>853</td><td>Print Client Side Rendering synchronization for print job cache completed with code %1 for printer %2.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>854</td><td>Print Client Side Rendering synchronization for printer information cache completed with code %1 for printer %2.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>855</td><td>OpenPrinter cache entry added for printer %1 with access code %2.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>856</td><td>Connection &#39;%1&#39; has been reconfigured for normal operation because branch office printing has been disabled.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>857</td><td>Connection &#39;%1&#39; has been reconfigured for normal operation because the queue is incompatible with branch office printing.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>858</td><td>Connection &#39;%1&#39; has been reconfigured for normal operation because the queue has been configured for Server Side Rendering. To re-enable Branch Office Printing, enable the &#39;Render Jobs On Client&#39; setting on the server queue.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>859</td><td>Connection &#39;%1&#39; has been reconfigured for normal operation because the client is incompatible with branch office printing.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>860</td><td>Connection &#39;%1&#39; has been reconfigured for normal operation because the server is incompatible with branch office printing.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>861</td><td>Connection &#39;%1&#39; has been reconfigured for normal operation because the remote port is incompatible with branch office printing.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>862</td><td>Connection &#39;%1&#39; has been reconfigured for normal operation because the &#39;Keep Printed Jobs&#39; setting is enabled on the queue. To re-enable Branch Office Printing, disable the &#39;Keep Printed Jobs&#39; setting on the server queue.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>863</td><td>Connection &#39;%1&#39; has been reconfigured for normal operation due to an internal error, %2.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>864</td><td>The Windows Fax and Scan servicing operation failed, HRESULT %1.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>865</td><td>There were %1 print job failures out of %2 jobs sent to printer &#39;%3&#39; using driver &#39;%4&#39;. The printer driver isolation setting was updated to load the printer driver inside the print spooler process. No user action is required.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>866</td><td>The print spooler failed to create a Plug and Play printer device object for the printer &#39;%1&#39;. Print object instance identifier &#39;%2&#39;. Error code %3. This printer will not be fully functional until the print spooler service is restarted and the Plug and Play printer device object is successfully created.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>867</td><td>The WS-Print Port Monitor failed to initialize correctly. Creating the Device Association listener failed with the following error code: %1.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>868</td><td>The Offline EventLog on machine &#39;%1&#39; exceeded the allow maximum size. Some job events may have been lost.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>869</td><td>In VALIDATINGDRVINFO, Adding printer driver %3 failed, error code %2. See the event user data for context information. Driver has no valid catalog</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>870</td><td>The print spooler failed to download package for driver %1. Error code= %2. Blocking driver as there could be a possibility of potential tampering.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-PrintService</td><td>871</td><td>The current print job was rejected due to Device Control Print Restrictions. Rejection Reason: %1, Printer: %2, Job or Document Name: %3, User Name: %4, Port Name: %5</td></tr>
</table>
