# Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem

<table>
<colgroup><col/><col/><col/></colgroup>
<tr><th>Name</th><th>Id</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>512</td><td>%1</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>2147488002</td><td>The COM+ Event System failed to fire the %2 method on event class %3 for publisher %4 and subscriber %5. The display name of the subscription is &quot;%6&quot;. The HRESULT was %1.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>2147488003</td><td>The COM+ Event System could not determine the name of the current user.  A call to %3 returned error code %1: &quot;%2&quot;</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>2147488004</td><td>The COM+ Event System failed to create an instance of the subscriber %2.  %3 returned HRESULT %1.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>2147488005</td><td>The COM+ Event System could not fire an EventObjectChange event to subscription %2 because the query criteria string &quot;%3&quot; contained an error.  The approximate location of the error in the criteria string is at character index %4; the criteria sub-text at this location is &quot;%5&quot;.  The HRESULT was %1.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>2147488006</td><td>The COM+ Event System could not fire an EventObjectChange event to subscription %2 because a bad HRESULT was detected during filtering.  The HRESULT was %1.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>2147488007</td><td>The type library &quot;%2&quot; specified in EventClass %3 (&quot;%4&quot;) could not be loaded, or is not correct for this EventClass.  The HRESULT was %1.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>2147488009</td><td>The COM+ Event System detected a corrupt IEventClass object.  The COM+ Event System has removed object ID %2.  The publisher will no longer be able to create an instance of the class.  The HRESULT was %1.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>2147488010</td><td>The COM+ Event System detected a corrupt IEventSubscription object.  The COM+ Event System has removed object ID %1.  The subscriber will no longer be notified when the event occurs.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>2147488257</td><td>The COM+ Event System detected a bad return code during its internal processing.  HRESULT was %3 from line %2 of %1.  This warning may be expected if the computer is low on resources.  If the computer is not low on resources, and these warnings persist, it may indicate a problem in the COM+ Event System.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>3221230082</td><td>The COM+ Event System detected a bad return code during its internal processing.  HRESULT was %3 from line %2 of %1.  This may indicate that the COM+ Event System is not properly installed.  Please try reinstalling the COM+ Event System.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>2147488259</td><td>The COM+ Event System detected an unexpected null pointer during its internal processing, at line %2 of %1.  This warning may be expected if the computer is low on resources.  If the computer is not low on resources, and these warnings persist, it may indicate a problem in the COM+ Event System.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>3221230084</td><td>The COM+ Event System ran out of memory during its internal processing, at line %2 of %1.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>2147488261</td><td>The COM+ Event System detected an unexpected error from a Win32 API call at line %2 of %1.  A call to %3 failed with error code %5: &quot;%4&quot;  This warning may be expected if the computer is low on resources.  If the computer is not low on resources, and these warnings persist, it may indicate a problem in the COM+ Event System.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>2147488262</td><td>The COM+ Event System detected an inconsistency in its internal state.  The assertion &quot;%3&quot; failed at line %2 of %1.  This warning may be expected if the computer is low on resources.  If the computer is not low on resources, and these warnings persist, it may indicate a problem in the COM+ Event System.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>3221230087</td><td>The COM+ Event System caught an exception %1 at address %2 within method %3 of interface %4.%5</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>3221230088</td><td>The COM+ Event System caught an access violation at address %1 within method %3 of interface %4.  The method attempted to access address %2.%5</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>3221230091</td><td>The COM+ Event System could not store the per-user subscription %2 because the registry key HKEY_USERS\%3 could not be opened.  The HRESULT was %1.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>3221230092</td><td>The COM+ Event System detected an error trying to query an %1 object because the criteria string &quot;%2&quot; contained an error.  The approximate location of the error is at character index %3; the criteria sub-text at this location is &quot;%4&quot;.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>3221230093</td><td>The COM+ Event System could not remove the %2 object %3.Object name: %4Object description: %5The HRESULT was %1.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>3221230094</td><td>The COM+ Event System could not marshal the subscriber for subscription %2.  The HRESULT was %1.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>3221230095</td><td>The COM+ Event System failed to create an instance of the MultiInterfacePublisherFilter %2 defined in event class %3.  %4 returned HRESULT %1.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>3221230096</td><td>The COM+ Event System could not apply the filter criteria to subscription %2 with display name &quot;%6&quot; because the criteria string &quot;%3&quot; contained an error.  The approximate location of the error is at character index %4; the criteria sub-text at this location is &quot;%5&quot;.  The HRESULT was %1.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>1073746449</td><td>The EventSystem sub system is suppressing duplicate event log entries for a duration of %1 seconds.  The suppression timeout can be controlled by a REG_DWORD value named %2 under the following registry key: HKLM\%3.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>1073746450</td><td>The COM+ Event System fired the %2 method on event class %3 for publisher %4 and subscriber %5 but the subscriber returned an error. The display name of the subscription is &quot;%6&quot;. The subscriber returned HRESULT %1.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>2147488275</td><td>The COM+ Event System timed out attempting to fire the %2 method on event class %3 for publisher %4 and subscriber %5.  The subscriber failed to respond within %7 seconds. The display name of the subscription is &quot;%6&quot;. The HRESULT was %1.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>2147488276</td><td>The COM+ Event System service blocked the creation of a subscription to the event class with CLSID</td></tr>
<tr><td>Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem</td><td>2147488277</td><td>The COM+ Event System did not fire the</td></tr>
</table>
